alright well we got our white sealer
sprayed on a couple of coats of that and
man that stuff was a lot thinner down
then I was expecting you know of all
I've sprayed for the last few months is
prom and kind of got used to that and
now sprayed this and got it a little too
wet I don't know if the camera is
picking that up but I got a little run
right down through there just made a
real wet slow pass across the bottom and
so anyway going to wet sand that out
with some thousand grit we're going to
throw the silver base on
all right I got three coats of the
silver base on and went on pretty good
no problems with it except for I wasn't
mixing enough faint you saw the passes
just made there and didn't even have
enough paint to get one coat all the way
on there mixed up so part of the
conversation had with Greg today was the
amount of paint and I believe I've got
to get some more of all of it even
though I ordered an extra quart recently
just for test panels and to do the jams
and all I mean I'll have enough so
rather have some extra than not enough
so we'll see about that
so anyway it turned out pretty good it's
got you know a lot of dents and stuff in
it I got the big ones out filled the big
ones in but there's still a bunch of
well for five small ones in there that
are now visible so we're going to spray
the candy on and come back to show you
when we get that done oh yeah wouldn't
you know it right in the middle of
spraying a test panel we've got a bulb
going out or a ballast looks like just a
bulb though but we'll see so had to move
the panel to the other side of the car
and put you in a different position now
we get the camera angle set up correctly
all right we'll come back in a second
put the candy on
you
oh yeah first coat of candy on there and
yeah pretty much sucked supposed to be
75 percent overlap and I was doing more
like 50 percent and I really wasn't even
consistent at that and it looks like I
got a little bit of striping in there so
it's the first coat hopefully I can go
wetter with this next coat and something
happens I don't know what but the you
know I'm using the same gun speed and
all but down at the bottom I don't know
what's going on there just had the same
problem with the base it just doesn't
gonna lay on down there very good ah no
what's going on with it so they they're
not as close to it or something but I'll
see if I can do better on the next pass
we'll come back and show you once you
get the clear on and go from there all
right well we got two coats of clear on
it and as you can see probably see a lot
of bugs in here with the lights on and
the garage door open and they're all in
it but main thing we were to do is just
get some more practice in practice the
technique more and yeah we got a couple
of straps in it no question about that
anybody there's one big one right there
how about a hundred percent overlap go
from 50% to 100% if I were to get a
stripe in the candy while painting the
car what's the best thing to do would
appreciate any help on that and the
person this is high solids clear the
first
kote I put on there look like it had a
lot of orange peels so I thought maybe I
got it to dry so I went ahead and
hammered it on good and got a nice big
side right there so ya need to do some
more practicing before we spray this
thing and I think you know what my skill
level I just need to spray it on a
little dry like to let the orange peel
occur you know get four good coats of
clear on there and you know what wet
sanded and buff it out unless you guys
think that these runs are you know go a
little bit more on the aggressive side
and let those little sacs come in like
that so anyway we'll do some more work
on it tomorrow we're going to put the
other colors on it just to get an idea
of how they look and get some more
practice in so that's it for tonight
thanks guys